android.support.v4.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost: void setOnTabChangedListener(android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener)
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status[] values()
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getTabIndicatorColor()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: boolean getDrawFullUnderline()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getTextSpacing()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnAdapterChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnAdapterChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getClientWidth()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setCurrentItem(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getCurrentItem()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMargin(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getPageMargin()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setScrimColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerListener(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerLockMode(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setParallaxDistance(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getParallaxDistance()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setSliderFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getSliderFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setCoveredFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getCoveredFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setPanelSlideListener(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResource(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.hiworld.adapter.CarInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.hiworld.adapter.Golf7CarInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.hiworld.adapter.MySeekBar
com.hiworld.adapter.MySeekBar: MySeekBar(android.content.Context)
com.hiworld.adapter.MySeekBar: MySeekBar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.hiworld.adapter.MySeekBar: MySeekBar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.hiworld.adapter.MySeekBar: void setOnSeekBarChangeListener(com.hiworld.adapter.MySeekBar$OnSeekBarChangeListener)
com.hiworld.adapter.MySeekBar: void setThumb(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.hiworld.adapter.MySeekBar: void setTouch(boolean)
com.hiworld.adapter.SaicCarInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.hiworld.canbus.carpc.ActivityCarPC
com.hiworld.canbus.carpc.ActivityCarPC: ActivityCarPC()
com.hiworld.canbus.carpc.TheApp
com.hiworld.canbus.carpc.TheApp: TheApp()
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$anim: int push_left_in
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$anim: int push_left_out
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$anim: int zoom_enter
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$anim: int zoom_exit
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$color: int button_selected
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$color: int button_unselected
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$color: int chat_title_name
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$color: int info_panel_bg
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$color: int title_bg
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$color: int traffic_bg
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$color: int traffic_data
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$color: int traffic_txt
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$color: int transparent
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$color: int window_bg
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int background_height
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int background_width
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int battery_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int battery_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int block_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int block_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int checkpref_height
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int checkpref_width
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int cleanwater_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int cleanwater_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int clearzero_height
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int clearzero_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int currentspeed_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int currentspeed_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int distance_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int distance_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int enginespeed_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int enginespeed_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int frag_air_size
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int frag_height
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int framelayout_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int handstop_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int handstop_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int histroy_currrnt_bottom
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int histroy_currrnt_right
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int histroy_main_paddingleft
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int histroy_main_paddingtop
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int histroy_progress_hight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int histroy_progress_width
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int histroy_size
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int histroy_time1_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int histroy_time2_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int histroy_time3_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int histroy_time4_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_averagefuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_his1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_hisaveragefuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_hisprogressbar
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_histhisdrive
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_histripa
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_instantfuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_largepb_height
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_largepb_width
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_largeprogressbar
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_line
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_smallpb_height
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_smallpb_width
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_smallprogressbar
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_thisdrive
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int honda_xuhangdistance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int instant_fuel_paddingHeight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int instant_fuel_paddingleft
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int instant_fueltext_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int instant_mileage_paddingHeight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int instant_mileage_paddingleft
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int instant_mileagetext_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int outtemp_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int outtemp_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_5minute_defalut
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_Instantaneous
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_current_right
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_current_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_fueldate
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_fueldate_bottom
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_fueldate_hight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_fueldate_right
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_fuelunit_right
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_minute1_progresswidth
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_minute1_rightbk
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_progress_current_hight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_progress_current_width
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_speed_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_speed_width
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int perminute_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int pref_title_width
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int radio_textsize
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int restoil_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int restoil_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int safeband_left
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int safeband_top
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int title_paddingleft
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int title_size
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int toptitle_hight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int trip1_accummileage_paddingheight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int trip1_accummileage_paddingleft
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int trip1_accummileage_textleft
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int trip1_averfuel_paddingheight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int trip1_averfuel_textleft
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int trip1_averspeed_paddingheight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int trip1_averspeed_paddingleft
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int trip1_averspeed_textleft
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$dimen: int values_textsize
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int background_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int backlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int basecar
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int battery
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int bg_carcomputer
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int bg_histroy_toyota
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int bg_progress_current
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int bg_progress_minute
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int bg_progress_minute_down
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int bg_top_title
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int block
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int btn_clearzero_selector
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int btn_radio_off
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int btn_radio_on
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int btn_radiotoyota_off
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int btn_radiotoyota_on
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int checkbox_checked_style
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int chk_switch_off
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int chk_switch_on
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int cleanwater
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int cleanwater_warn
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int cooltemp_d
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int cooltemp_n
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int currentspeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int daytimelight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int delhistory_normal
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int delhistory_press
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int distance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int doorlock_d
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int doorlock_n
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int doublelight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int drive
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int enginespeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int farlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int frontfloglight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int gm_bg_top_title
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int gm_btn_speed_d
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int gm_btn_speed_n
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int gm_radiobutton_selector
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int golf7_car_mileage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int golf7_clear_noraml
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int golf7_clear_press
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int golf7_mileage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int handstop
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int handstop_warn
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int histroy_current_stytle
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int histroy_trip_stytle
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int honda_bg_carset
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int honda_bg_top_title
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int hood
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int ico_carbody_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int ico_computer
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int ico_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int ico_hiworld
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int ico_hongchangdu
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int ico_title1_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int ico_title2_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int ico_title3_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int icon_carpc
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int icon_oil_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int img_accum_mileage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int img_average_speed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int img_instant_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int img_instant_mileage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int instantfuel_d
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int instantfuel_n
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_10
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_11
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_12
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_13
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_14
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_15
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_16
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_17
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_18
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_19
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_20
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_21
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_4
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_5
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_6
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_8
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_9
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_background
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_progress
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int large_progressbar_style
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int leftfrontdoor_close
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int leftfrontdoor_open
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int leftlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int leftrealdoor_close
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int leftrealdoor_open
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int lefttab_checked
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int lefttab_normal
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int line
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int nearlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int outtemp
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int progress_current_down
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int progress_current_histroy
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int progress_current_yellow
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int progress_histroyt_blue
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int progress_minute_stytle
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int progress_stytle
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int psa_bg_top_title
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int psa_main_bac
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int psa_radio_noraml
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int psa_radio_press
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int psa_radio_selector
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int radio_selector
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int rearfloglight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int red_normal_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int red_press_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int restoil
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int rightfrontdoor_close
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int rightfrontdoor_open
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int rightlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int rightrealdoor_close
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int rightrealdoor_open
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int righttab_checked
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int righttab_normal
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int safeband
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int safeband_warn
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int selector_change
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int selector_clear_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int selector_deletehistory
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int selector_lefttab
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int selector_righttab
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int selector_tab
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int showwidthlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_10
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_11
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_12
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_13
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_14
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_15
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_16
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_17
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_18
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_19
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_20
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_21
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_4
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_5
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_6
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_8
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_9
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_background
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_progress
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int small_progressbar_style
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int stoplight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int tab_checked
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int tab_leftchecked
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int tab_leftnormal
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int tab_normal
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int tab_rightchecked
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int tab_rightnormal
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int taixbox
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int toyota_bg_perminute1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int toyota_bg_top_title
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int toyota_btn_fuel_d
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int toyota_btn_fuel_n
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int toyota_clear_selector
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int toyota_main_selector
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int toyota_text_bac
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$drawable: int travel_time
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int action_settings
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int btn_clearzero
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int btn_computer1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int btn_computer2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int btn_computer3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int btn_deletehistory
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int btn_history_clear_toyoyta
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int btn_history_faragment_toyota
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int btn_history_update_toyoyta
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int btn_histroy_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int btn_lefttab
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int btn_perminute_clear_toyoyta
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int btn_perminute_faragment_toyota
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int btn_perminute_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int btn_righttab
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int btn_trip2_clearzero
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int fl_vm_main
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int fragment_content_gm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int fragment_content_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int fragment_content_honda
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int fragment_content_psa
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int fragment_content_toyota
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int fragment_content_vw
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int gm_value_avgfuel1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int gm_value_avgfuel2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int gm_value_avgfuel3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int gm_value_instantfuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int gm_value_littlemileage1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int gm_value_littlemileage2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int gm_value_littlemileage3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int gm_value_mileage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int gm_value_totalmileage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int ib_clearlong_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int ib_clearstart_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_addoilcar_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_addoilmileage_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_addtoil_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_backlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_basecar
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_battery
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_cleanwater
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_currentspeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_daytimelight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_distance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_doublelight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_enginespeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_farlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_frontfloglight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_handstop
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_head_icon
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_head_title
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_histroy
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_hood
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_leftfrontdoor_close
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_leftfrontdoor_open
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_leftlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_leftrealdoor_close
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_leftrealdoor_open
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_longcar_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_longmileage_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_longtoil_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_nearlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_outtemp
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_perminute_toyota
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_rearfloglight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_restoil
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_rightfrontdoor_close
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_rightfrontdoor_open
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_rightlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_rightrealdoor_close
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_rightrealdoor_open
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_safeband
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_showwidthlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_startcar_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_startmileage_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_startoil_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_stoplight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int iv_taixbox
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int ll_bottom_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int ll_bottom_vm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int ll_perminutevalues_toyota
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int pb_honda_historysmall
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int pb_honda_nowsmall
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int pb_honda_trip1_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int pb_honda_trip2_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int pb_honda_trip3_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int pb_honda_tripa_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int pb_thishonda_large
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_current
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_histroy_current
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_histroy_trip1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_histroy_trip2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_histroy_trip3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_histroy_trip4
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_histroy_trip5
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute10
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute11
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute12
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute13
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute14
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute15
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute16
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute17
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute18
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute19
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute20
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute21
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute22
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute23
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute24
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute25
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute26
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute27
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute28
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute29
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute30
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute4
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute5
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute6
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute8
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int progress_minute9
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int radio_computer
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int radio_honda
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int radio_toyota_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int relativeLayout1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int rl_addoillittle_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int rl_head_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int rl_head_vm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int rl_longlittle_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int rl_saic_leftimg
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int rl_saic_lefttext
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int rl_saic_rightimg
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int rl_saic_righttext
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int rl_startlittle_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_current
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_fuelunit
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_histroy_time1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_histroy_time2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_histroy_time3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_histroy_time4
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_histroy_unit
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_perminute_curisingrange_values
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_perminute_drvingtime_values
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_perminute_speed_values
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_perminute_value1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_perminute_value2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_perminute_value3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_perminute_value4
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_trip1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_trip2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_trip3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_trip4
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int text_trip5
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int toyota_tv_head_title
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_averageFuelUnit
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_averagefuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_battery
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_bestfuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_bestfuel_values
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_carbody_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_carbody_vm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_cleanwater
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_cooltemp
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_currentspeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_distance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_doorlock
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_drivingDistance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_enginespeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_fuelpa
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_handstop
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_head_title
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_his_drivingDis
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_historyFuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_trip1Dis
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_trip1Dis_unit
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_trip1_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_trip1_unit
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_trip2Dis
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_trip2Dis_unit
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_trip2_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_trip2_unit
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_trip3Dis
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_trip3Dis_unit
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_trip3_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_trip3_unit
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_tripaDis
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_tripaDis_unit
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_tripa_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_honda_tripa_unit
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_instantFuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_instantFuelUnit
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_instantfuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_nowFuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_outtemp
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_restoil
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_safeband
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_time_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_time_vm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_title1_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_title1_vm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_title2_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_title3_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip1_averageFuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip1_averageFuel1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip1_averageFuel2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip1_averageFuel3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip1_averagespeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip1_cruisingDistance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip1_mileage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip1_travelDistance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip1_travelTime
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip2_averageFuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip2_averagespeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip2_cruisingDistance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip2_travelDistance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip2_travelTime
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip3_averageFuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip3_averagespeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip3_cruisingDistance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip3_travelDistance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_trip3_travelTime
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_tripa_volum
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_volum
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_volum1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int tv_volum2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int value_accum_mileage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int value_average_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int value_average_speed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int value_instantfuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int value_mileage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int value_trip2_accum_mileage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int value_trip2_average_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int value_trip2_average_speed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int vv_center_golf7
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$id: int wallpaper_ismove
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int gm_fuel_fragment
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int gm_main
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int golf7_fromaddoil_fragment
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int golf7_fromstart_fragment
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int golf7_longtime_fragment
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int golf7_main
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int head_main_title
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int honda_current_fragment
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int honda_history_fragment
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int honda_main
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int other_main
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int preference_chk_layout
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int psa_instant_layout
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int psa_main
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int psa_trip1_layout
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int psa_trip2_layout
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int saic_fuel_fragment
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int saic_main
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int toyota_histroy_layout
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int toyota_main
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int toyota_perminute_layout
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int vm_main
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int vm_ui_fragment
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$layout: int vm_ui_fragment1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$menu: int main
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int accum_mileage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int action_settings
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int app_name
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int average_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int average_speed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int block
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int cooltempwarn
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int delete_history
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int door_offlock
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int door_onlock
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int door_state
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int drivingmileage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int fuel_unit
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int fuelconsume
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int fuelpa
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int golf7_averagefuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int golf7_averagespeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int golf7_cruisingdistance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int golf7_little_mileage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int golf7_title1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int golf7_title2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int golf7_title3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int golf7_traveldistance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int golf7_traveltime
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int history1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int history2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int history3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int histroy_bestfuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int histroy_current
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int histroy_trip1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int histroy_trip2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int histroy_trip3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int histroy_trip4
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int histroy_trip5
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int histroy_update
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int instant_fuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int instant_mileage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_Parkingparking
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_Radarsilence
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_Roadsideparking
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_backlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_batteryvol
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_cargear
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_currentoil
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_daytimelight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_doublelight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_engineoilalarm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_enginespeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_exactlyspeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_farlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_frontfoglight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_leaneralarm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_leftfilllight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_leftlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_lifebeltalarm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_lowbatteryalarm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_lowoilalarm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_nearlylight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_realfoglight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_restoil
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_rightfilllight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_rightlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_showwidthlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_stoplight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_totaldistance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int key_watertemp
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int little_mileage1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int little_mileage2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int little_mileage3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int perminute_clear
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int perminute_drivingrange
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int perminute_drivingtime
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int perminute_fuelunit
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int reset_mileage1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int reset_mileage2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int rg_carBody
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int rg_driverAssis
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int saic_averagefuel1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int saic_averagefuel2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int saic_averagefuel3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int thisdrive
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_Instantmessage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_Parkingparking
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_Radarsilence
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_Roadsideparking
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_backlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_batteryvol
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_cardetailinfo2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_cargear
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_currentoil
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_daytimelight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_detailcarinfo
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_door
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_doublelight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_driverassiset
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_engineoilalarm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_enginespeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_exactlyspeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_farlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_frontfoglight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_fuelmileage
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_histroyfuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_leaneralarm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_leftfilllight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_leftlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_lifebeltalarm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_lowbatteryalarm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_lowoilalarm
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_nearlylight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_perminute_current
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_perminutefuel
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_realfoglight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_restoil
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_rightfilllight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_rightlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_showwidthlight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_stoplight
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_totaldistance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_trip1
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_trip2
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_trip3
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int title_watertemp
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int traveleddistance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tripa
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tv_battery
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tv_cleanWater
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tv_cleanWaterOff
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tv_cleanWaterOn
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tv_currentSpeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tv_distance
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tv_engineSpeed
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tv_handStop
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tv_handStopOff
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tv_handStopOn
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tv_outtemp
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tv_restOil
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tv_safeBand
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tv_safeBandOff
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$string: int tv_safeBandOn
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$style: int AnimationActivity
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$style: int AppTheme
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$style: int CustomWindowTitleBackground
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$style: int CustomWindowTitleText
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$style: int Default_NoTitleBar
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$style: int histroy_current_horizontal
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$style: int histroy_trip_horizontal
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$style: int large_progressBar
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$style: int my_mProgress_horizontal
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$style: int my_mProgress_minute
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$style: int small_progressBar
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$style: int sys_set_preacitivity
com.hiworld.carcomputer.R$xml: int radar_preference
